Privacy Policy 

Learn more about Privacy in Syriana 

I am Syriana 's developer Fady Basem. and my affiliates and subsidiaries ( “Syriana” or “I” or “my”) is committed to protecting privacy of your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to those who use Syriana or any other application I may develop.This Privacy Policy describes how Syriana specifically collects, uses, shares and secures the personal data of the users of Syriana Services (the “User(s)” or “you” or “yours”, as applicable). It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal data. The capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy but not defined herein shall have the same meaning assigned to them in SyrianaTerms and Conditions of Use
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/1S2AhfeNThQsQB0wj7BXWXpyM8_zfZkIn/view?usp=sharing) .
If you have questions or complaints regarding my Privacy Policy or practices, please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. My Privacy Policy may be modified from time-to-time. I will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on my Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. If I make any material changes, I will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this application prior to the change becoming effective. I encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on my privacy practices. 

1. What is Personal Information? 

Personal Information is personally identifiable information such as your full name ,mobile phone number, email ,gender, and any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing information. Personal information does not include aggregate information, which is general user data I collect about the use of Syriana. My Privacy Policy does not restrict or limit my collection and use of aggregate information. 

2. What Personal Information Does Syriana Collect?
Your name, phone number, email , gender and academic year in college 

2.1 Information you provide for the use of technology 

- Registration and Profile Information. When you create an account, I may collect your personal information such as your full name, email address, mobile phone number , gender and academic year. When you would like to register in our app you will need a request code given to you by your course provider ( Syriana center ) 

- Notifications. I provide notifications when your Instructors upload a new video or have created a new course or simply a notification concerning various information from the administrator 
( Syriana center ) 

2.2 Trip Event Data: 

I collect, and may use a third-party partner (Amazon Web Services) to collect data from your instructor account ( course content) video or files so that it can be accessible by your application . 

if you have questions about your account. 
If you believe that I might have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 without parental consent, please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com.

3. How Does Syriana Share Your Personal Information? 

I may share your personal information, including your location data and other data with third parties for their marketing and business purposes, including without limitation, to inform and improve third-party advertising. These third-party partners may use this information according to their own privacy policies. 

Any information or content that you voluntarily post to my App Store and Google Play Store, or my social media pages will automatically be available to the public. I may publicly post your reviews and comments online. 

From time to time, I employ third parties to help me provide or improve the Syriana Services. These third parties, such as my analytics or hosting provider, may have limited access to databases of user information or registered member information solely for the purpose of helping me provide or improve the Service and they will not be able to use the information about my members or visitors for any other purpose. I may disclose personal Information in some other limited circumstances, but I will specifically describe them to you when I collect the information, such as in the terms of use for a new service or by revising this Privacy Policy. 

I may, and you hereby authorize me to, disclose your Personal Information to a third party without your consent: if i have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property or other application users, or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities, in connection with any legal investigation, when I believe in good faith that such disclosure is required and in accordance with the law or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Syriana to any third party with your prior consent to do so. 
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, your personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without informing you first by updating this Privacy Policy. Except for the limited disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, I do not sell customer lists or any personal information to third parties, and I will take all possible measures to keep your email address private 

4. How Does Syriana Protect Your Personal Information? 

The security of your Personal Information is important to me. I use all commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information and location information in a secure environment and have implemented reasonable procedures designed to limit unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. I encrypt the username and password based data using secure technologies to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. Despite these measures, you should know that Syriana cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information. In the event that any information under my control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, I will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. Please also remember, that to protect the data that have taken place in the app, never give out your password. 

6. How Long I Retain Your Personal Information: 

I will retain your Personal Information for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). When I have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, I will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then I will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. For personal information that I process on behalf of our Users, I will retain such personal information in accordance with the terms of my agreement with them, subject to applicable law. 

7. How Can I Update User Access or Deactivate my Account? 

If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire Syriana Service, you may email me at fady.soliman@quriv.com to deactivate your account. You may also correct, update, or amend your personal information in your profile settings within the Syriana app or by emailing me. Removing Syriana from your mobile device will not delete the personal information that has been retained about you. If you leave your circles, I will retain your user content in the event that you would like to access it in the future. Your user content can be deleted permanently by emailing a request to fady.soliman@quriv.com. 

8. How Can I Manage Communication with Syriana ? 

You may be receiving marketing or promotional emails from me by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. I may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or my ongoing business relations. To stop the notifications, please edit settings within the app or change your settings at the device level.


9. What Laws are Syriana Governed by? 

I am  governed and regulated by the Egyptian law so if you are a user accessing Syriana from any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from Egypt laws, please be advised that through your continued use of Syriana , which is governed by the Egyptian law, Syriana Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, you are transferring your personal information to Egypt and you consent to that transfer. 

10. Additional Rights For Middle East and Certain Other Territories: 

If you are from certain territories (such as the middle east ), you may have the right to exercise additional rights available to you under applicable laws, as follows: 

What is a Subject Access Request? 

This is your right to request a copy of the information that I hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. I will respond to your request within 30 days of receipt of the request. I want to make sure your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask me to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate by fady.soliman@quriv.com. I will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy and security, I may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request






Objections to processing of personal data 

It is your right to lodge an objection to the processing of your personal data if you feel the “ground relating to your particular situation” apply. The only reasons I will be able to deny your request is if I can show compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interest, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim. To invoke this right, please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. I will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy and security, I may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request. 

Data Portability 

It is also your right to receive the personal data which you have given to me, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to another controller without delay from the current controller if: 

(a) The processing is based on consent or on a contract. 

(b) The processing is carried out by automated means. 

To invoke this right, please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. I will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy and security, I may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request 

Your Right to be Forgotten 

Should you wish for me to completely delete all information that I hold about you for, contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com. Please note, however, that I may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to comply with my legal obligations. You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about my collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. If you feel that your personal data has been processed in a way that does not meet the GDPR, you have a specific right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. The supervisory authority will then tell you of the progress and outcome of your complaint 

11. Arab Republic of Egypt Privacy Rights 

I will not share any Personal Data with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by Egyptian law. If my practices change, I will do so in accordance with applicable laws and will notify you in advance.



12. Questions? 

Please contact me at fady.soliman@quriv.com 
if you have any questions about my Privacy Policy.